![Filter by favourites
icon](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/favorite.svg)

![Open the filter by
favourites](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectExpand.svg)

![Expand all
rows](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/expand.svg)

Gold

![Sorting
icon](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/sort.svg)

![Sorting
icon](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/sort.svg)

GoldTotal medalsAlphabeticalProtocol order

![Expand the filter
panel](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/filterList.svg)

All NOCs

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectCollapse.svg)

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectExpand.svg)

All NOCsAfghanistanAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAntigua and
BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia
and HerzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCabo
VerdeCambodiaCameroonCanadaCayman IslandsCentral African
RepublicChadChileColombiaComorosCongoCook IslandsCosta RicaCôte
d'IvoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzechiaDemocratic People's Republic of
KoreaDemocratic Republic of the CongoDemocratic Republic of Timor-
LesteDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl
SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEswatiniEthiopiaFederated States of
MicronesiaFijiFinlandFranceGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGreat
BritainGreeceGrenadaGuamGuatemalaGuineaGuinea-BissauGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong
Kong, ChinaHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIraqIrelandIslamic Republic of
IranIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKosovoKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao
People's Democratic
RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall
IslandsMauritaniaMauritiusMexicoMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNew
ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNorth
MacedoniaNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinePanamaPapua New
GuineaParaguayPeople's Republic of ChinaPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalPuerto
RicoQatarRefugee Olympic TeamRepublic of KoreaRepublic of
MoldovaRomaniaRwandaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome
and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra
LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth
SudanSpainSri LankaSt Vincent and the
GrenadinesSudanSurinameSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab
RepublicTajikistanThailandTogoTongaChinese TaipeiTrinidad and
TobagoTunisiaTürkiyeTurkmenistanTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited
Republic of TanzaniaUnited States of
AmericaUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaVietnamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin
Islands, USYemenZambiaZimbabwe

All sports

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectCollapse.svg)

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectExpand.svg)

All sports3x3 BasketballArcheryArtistic GymnasticsArtistic
SwimmingAthleticsBadmintonBasketballBeach VolleyballBoxingBreakingCanoe
SlalomCanoe SprintCycling BMX FreestyleCycling BMX RacingCycling Mountain
BikeCycling RoadCycling
TrackDivingEquestrianFencingFootballGolfHandballHockeyJudoMarathon
SwimmingModern PentathlonRhythmic GymnasticsRowingRugby
SevensSailingShootingSkateboardingSport ClimbingSurfingSwimmingTable
TennisTaekwondoTennisTrampoline GymnasticsTriathlonVolleyballWater
PoloWeightliftingWrestling

All categories

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectCollapse.svg)

![](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/selectExpand.svg)

All categoriesMenWomenMixedOpen

Reset filters

OrderNOCs

![Gold
medals](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/medalGold_selected.svg)

G

![Silver
medals](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/medalSilver.svg)

S

![Bronze
medals](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/medalBronze.svg)

B

![Total
medals](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/medalAll.svg)

84![Zambia
flag](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/noc/oly/3x2/180x120/ZAM.png)ZAMZambia

0011![Zambia: open the row and see medals
details](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/expand.svg)

Last updated:August 12, 2024 at 02:26 (your local time)

Does not include medals won by AIN.

Timing and scoring provided by OMEGA. Results powered by Atos.

POWERED BY

![powered by
image](https://img.olympics.com/images/image/private/t_16-9_320/primary/f0pipqpsjowsfx07xjis)

![Close
Icon](https://gstatic.olympics.com/s1/t_original/static/srm/paris-2024/contextual-
icons/close-icon)

![](https://olympics.com/akam/13/pixel_5f455b46?a=dD02NjRmOGEyZDRiNGJmOGZmNDkwNGIxNzc0NTcwZDVkMTYxNTRkNDg3JmpzPW9mZg==)

## ARE YOU HAPPY TO ACCEPT COOKIES?

To improve and personalise your experience, and help grow the Olympic
Movement, the IOC, the Organising Committees for the Olympic and Paralympic
Games and our partners use cookies. By clicking Yes, I am happy you agree to
the use of cookies for analytics, people insights and marketing, as described
in our [Cookie Policy](https://www.olympics.com/en/cookie-policy). To reject
cookies or manage your cookies preferences click No, manage settings.

No, manage settings Yes, I am happy

![Company
Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/22395098-025a-4a86-b716-763ae9c9a4cf/74e16d9c-18a7-4d87-9c02-d7f720023db4/edb2bf70-4f05-4eaa-b954-75cdd62398ad/blank.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit our Digital Platforms, we may store or retrieve information on
your browser, mostly in the form of cookies and similar tracking technologies
(“cookies”). We may place our own cookies (first party cookies) or allow our
partners and service providers to place their own cookies (third party
cookies) and collect information. This information might be about you, your
preferences or your device and is mostly used to measure website usage and
traffic, analyse our Digital Platforms’ performance, create a profile about
you, personalise your experience and the content offered to you, carry out
certain marketing and advertising activities, which includes tailoring
marketing to your interests, as well as to measure ads performance. The
cookies and the information collected by them are also used to make the
Digital Platforms work. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can
choose not to allow some categories of cookies. Click on the different
category headings to find out more. Please note that blocking some types of
cookies may impact your experience of the Digital Platforms and the services
we are able to offer. For more information, please read our Cookies Policy  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.olympics.com/en/cookie-policy)

Accept All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary cookies that enable you to navigate our Digital Platforms
and enable us to provide an optimised service. These cookies are necessary for
the Digital Platforms to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
They are usually set in response to actions made by you which amount to a
request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or
filling in forms, or they are set so that we may review the performance of our
Digital Platforms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these
cookies, but some parts of the Digital Platforms will not then work.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance and Analytics Cookies

Performance and Analytics Cookies

Cookies that improve the performance of our Service and provide you with a
better user experience. These Cookies allow us to count visits and traffic
sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Service. They
help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how
visitors move around the Service. If you do not allow these cookies we will
not know when you have used our Service.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

Functional cookies that enhance the functionality and personalisation of our
Service by storing your preferences. If you do not allow these Cookies, then
some or all of the services available may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Marketing and Advertising Cookies

Marketing and Advertising Cookies

Marketing and Advertising cookies that enable the tailoring of online
advertising based on your browsing activity and the location from which you
access our Digital Platforms. These cookies include cookies set by our
advertising partners. The cookies are used (i) by us to measure traffic to our
Digital Platforms and for the purpose of personalising services and offering
you the most relevant content, and (ii) by us and by our partners to build a
profile and to show you and other people relevant adverts and content both on
our Digital Platforms as well as on other sites. If you do not allow these
cookies, you will continue to see online advertising and content, but that
advertising and content will be less tailored to you.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

Social Media cookies. These cookies are set by social media providers and
include cookies that are set by the social media services that we have added
to the Digital Platforms. For example, this includes social media services
that enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are
capable of tracking your browser across websites and building up a profile of
your interests to show you relevant content and ads on those social media
platforms. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites
you visit, including social media platforms. If you do not allow these cookies
you may not be able to use or see the social media sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm my Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

